# 第十章 【FileCoin 白皮书中文校正版】-鸣谢

这项工作是协议实验室团队中多个个体的累积努力，如果没有协议实验室的合作者和顾问的帮助、评论和审查，是不可能完成的。胡安·贝内特在 2014 年撰写了最初的 Filecoin 白皮书，为这项工作奠定了基础。他和 Nicola Greco 开发了新的协议，并与团队的其他成员合作编写了这份白皮书，他们提供了有用的贡献、评论和讨论。特别是 David Dalrymple 提出了订单范例和其他想法，Matt Zumwalt 改进了论文的结构，Evan Miyazono 创建了插图并完成了论文，Jeromy Johnson 在设计协议时提供了见解，Steven Allen 提出了有见地的问题和澄清。我们还感谢所有合作者和顾问的有益对话，特别是 Andrew Miller 和 Eli Ben-Sasson。

References [1] Juan Benet. IPFS - Content Addressed, Versioned, P2P File System. 2014. [2] Giuseppe Ateniese, Randal Burns, Reza Curtmola, Joseph Herring, Lea Kissner, Zachary Peterson, and Dawn Song. Provable data possession at untrusted stores. In Proceedings of the 14th ACM conference on Computer and communications security, pages 598–609\. Acm, 2007. [3] Ari Juels and Burton S Kaliski Jr. Pors: Proofs of retrievability for large files. In Proceedings of the 14th ACM conference on Computer and communications security, pages 584–597\. Acm, 2007. [4] Hovav Shacham and Brent Waters. Compact proofs of retrievability. In International Conference on the Theory and Application of Cryptology and Information Security, pages 90–107\. Springer, 2008. [5] Protocol Labs. Technical Report: Proof-of-Replication. 2017. [6] Rosario Gennaro, Craig Gentry, Bryan Parno, and Mariana Raykova. Quadratic span programs and succinct nizks without pcps. In Annual International Conference on the Theory and Applications of Cryptographic Techniques, pages 626–645\. Springer, 2013. [7] Nir Bitansky, Alessandro Chiesa, and Yuval Ishai. Succinct non-interactive arguments via linear interactive proofs. Springer, 2013. [8] Eli Ben-Sasson, Alessandro Chiesa, Daniel Genkin, Eran Tromer, and Madars Virza. Snarks for c: Verifying program executions succinctly and in zero knowledge. In Advances in Cryptology–CRYPTO 2013, pages 90–108\. Springer, 2013. [9] Eli Ben-Sasson, Iddo Bentov, Alessandro Chiesa, Ariel Gabizon, Daniel Genkin, Matan Hamilis, Evgenya Pergament, Michael Riabzev, Mark Silberstein, Eran Tromer, et al. Computational integrity with a public random string from quasi-linear pcps. In Annual International Conference on the Theory and Applications of Cryptographic Techniques, pages 551–579\. Springer, 2017. [10] Henning Pagnia and Felix C G¨artner. On the impossibility of fair exchange without a trusted third party. Technical report, Technical Report TUD-BS-1999-02, Darmstadt University of Technology, Department of Computer Science, Darmstadt, Germany, 1999. [11] Joseph Poon and Thaddeus Dryja. The bitcoin lightning network: Scalable off-chain instant payments. 2015. [12] Andrew Miller, Iddo Bentov, Ranjit Kumaresan, and Patrick McCorry. Sprites: Payment channels that go faster than lightning. arXiv preprint arXiv:1702.05812, 2017. [13] Protocol Labs. Technical Report: Power Fault Tolerance. 2017. [14] Protocol Labs. Technical Report: Expected Consensus. 2017. [15] Iddo Bentov, Charles Lee, Alex Mizrahi, and Meni Rosenfeld. Proof of activity: Extending bitcoin’s proof of work via proof of stake [extended abstract] y. ACM SIGMETRICS Performance Evaluation Review, 42(3):34–37, 2014. [16] Iddo Bentov, Rafael Pass, and Elaine Shi. Snow white: Provably secure proofs of stake. 2016. [17] Silvio Micali. Algorand: The efficient and democratic ledger. arXiv preprint arXiv:1607.01341, 2016. [18] Vitalik Buterin. Ethereum [`ethereum.org/`](https://ethereum.org/), April 2014\. URL [`ethereum.org/`](https://ethereum.org/). [19] Satoshi Nakamoto. Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash system, 2008. [20] Eli Ben Sasson, Alessandro Chiesa, Christina Garman, Matthew Green, Ian Miers, Eran Tromer, and Madars Virza. Zerocash: Decentralized anonymous payments from bitcoin. In Security and Privacy (SP), 2014 IEEE Symposium on, pages 459–474\. IEEE, 2014.